# repo-kickstarter-analysis
Analysis on Kickstarter data
###Challenge
First, we will look at the first chart titled Outcomes Based on Goals for analysis. From this chart, we can see that there is a general trend of kickstarters and the amounts they are asking for funding. I see a trend of people asking for a minimum amount of money such as $1000 or tons of money such as over $50000.This trend seems plausable due to the nature of the website as a crowdfunding site. People are looking to start small projects or fund large ones no one is willing to attempt. As a result, you see a skewedness of goals. Also, with moderate goals may have other means to achieve their projects so you end up with a lot of the low end goal projects on kickstarter. You can also see a trend of a very high percentage of failure at low levels of funding. I believe this is due to the accesability to fund small scale projects. It doesn't take all that much to make a kickstarter with a small goal but not really pay attention much to it. One of the possible limitations of the data we have been given is knowing why the projects were canceled or failed. Knowing this, we may be able to provide additional conclusions. After we rise a few goal levels, we start to see the level of success plateau out arround 90%. I believe this is due to the sample size of those larger projects and are a limitation of our data.

Our last chart we made was looking at outcomes of kickstarter projects based on launch date. For this chart, we can observe the rise of popularity of the platform. We can see relatively no activitey from 2010-2013 when theres an explosion of both success, failure, and cancelations. They all seem to trend in the same pattern creating a rough point. Some conclusions can be drawn about theater kickstarters with more information such as "is this a good time to create my own kickstarter."
